(DOCSP-40552): Add docs release notes for w/e June 21 (#3306)
mongodb/docs-realm: docs-release-notes.md

# June 21, 2024

## Kotlin SDK

- Realm/Model Data
  - Define an Object Model: Add new "Define Unstructured Data" section outlining support for Collections as Mixed feature.

>   - Supported Data Types: Update RealmAny section to indicate support for holding lists and dictionaries, and add new "Mixed Collections" section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Supported Data Types: Update "RealmAny" section to indicate support for holding lists and dictionaries, and add a new "Collections as Mixed "subsection.
```
Took away quotes since it's not the title of the subsection. Added quotes to section name.

Author: Thanks for the feedback throughout! I've corrected the section names and have added some more relevant details.

## .NET SDK

- Model Data
  - Define an Object Model: Add new "Model Unstructured Data" section outlining support for Collections as Mixed feature.

>   - Supported Data Types > RealmValue: Update page to indicate support for holding lists and dictionaries, and add new "Mixed Collections" section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Supported Data Types/RealmValue: Update page to indicate support for holding lists and dictionaries, and add new "Collections as Mixed" section.
```

## Node.js SDK

- Model Data

>   - Define an Object Model: Add new "Model Unstructured Data" section outlining support for Collections as Mixed feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Define an Object Model: Add new "Define Unstructured Data" section outlining support for Collections as Mixed feature.
```
Correct section name

>   - Supported Data Types/Mixed: Update page to indicate support for holding lists and dictionaries, and add new "Mixed Collections" section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Data Types/Mixed: Update page to indicate support for holding lists and dictionaries, and add new a new subsection on Collections as Mixed.
```

Correct section naming and rephrase (subsection is titled "Collections as Mixed")
Page updated: https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/device-sdks/sdk/node/model-data/data-types/mixed/

## React Native SDK

- Model Data
  - Define an Object Model: Add new "Define Unstructured Data" section outlining support for Collections as Mixed feature.

>   - Supported Data Types/Mixed: Update page to indicate support for holding lists and dictionaries, and add new "Mixed Collections" section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Data Types/Mixed: Update page to indicate support for holding lists and dictionaries, and add a new "Collections as Mixed" subsection.
```
Correct section naming

## Swift SDK

- Model Data
  - Define an Object Model: Add new "Model Unstructured Data" section outlining support for Collections as Mixed feature.

>   - Supported Types: Update AnyRealmValue section to indicate support for holding lists and dictionaries, and add new "Mixed Collections" section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Supported Types: Update AnyRealmValue section to indicate support for holding lists and dictionaries, and add a new subsection for Collections as Mixed.
```
